Skip to content
Journey
Home
Login
About
Goer
Sender
Supporter
Events
Blog
Donate
SUPPORT PROFESSIONAL
go@onemissionsociety.org
Name : SUPPORT PROFESSIONAL

Agency : One Mission Society

Job Category
Journey Job Category: 
SUPPORT PROFESSIONAL
Group
- SUPPORT PROFESSIONAL: 
Accountant
Finance Director
Project Management
Recruiter/Mobilizer
Job Classification
Alternate Job Title:   Finance and Operations Manager
World Region: 
Europe, West
Country: 
Italy
Preferred Experience:   Education and Experience Requirements Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience preferred. Experience with disciple-making processes a plus. Skill Requirements Demonstrated understanding of spiritual disciplines and scriptural application. Ability to network well with partners. Ability to work constructively with team members in the area of disciple-making, showing value and respect for team-members. Ability to learn local language to an intermediate level. Must possess a coachable spirit. Presents themselves well and engages in tasks with enthusiasm. Weave the compassion of Christ into all tasks. Skilled in basic bookkeeping - Quickbooks Online experience is a plus. Orientation to detail Background in Google Docs word processing, Google Sheets spreadsheet data and calculation, and Google Slides presentation development skills Google Calendar management Website updates using WordPress
Assignment Detail
Start_Requested: 
In one to two years
Time Commitment: 
One year
One year to two years
Long Term
Time/Hours Available: 
Open
Cross-Cultural Experience: 
Occasionally served in cultures other than my own
Extensive experience serving in cultures other than my own
Languages: 
English is a native language
English is a second language
Other
Other Language:   Italian
Job Description
Job Comment:   One Mission Society has a vision of making reproducing disciples of Jesus Christ and equipping them to be transformational in their spheres of influence. In order to accomplish this vision, the Finance and Operations Manager, working within a Disciple-Making team, will model disciple-making practices with individuals and churches in their geographical area in order to steward the conditions for a disciple-making movement to take place. The Operations Manager will manage the finances and administrative operations for the Catania team. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Maintain a regular and ever-deepening relationship with Jesus Christ through prayer, reading and study of the scriptures, fasting, and other spiritual disciplines. Abide in Christ together with your team including regular times of prayer, fasting, worship, accountability, and other practices. Personally engage with and utilize OMS-approved processes to evangelize non-believers and help others to grow in their faith and progress as reproducing disciples of Jesus. Work with the Disciple-Making team to plan and execute a disciple-making process in local churches and networks. Work with partners to start disciple-making ‘bands’ within the churches, train up leaders, and identify future individuals who can help provide leadership locally in this area. Spiritually prepare the church for partnership with Church Development to help the church to reach their local community. Give input for developing new strategies and training opportunities in disciple-making. Help plan conferences, trainings, and work with stewardship teams. Seek out and recommend new resources and processes, passing gathered information to leadership for consideration of broad-based implementation for disciple-making. Implement processes for determining which materials undergo translation. Work with the Disciple-Making and Church Development teams to develop and maintain and effective process and relationship. Assist as needed in other OMS Country Team ministries, where applicable and appropriate. Maintain the Search Party financial records in Quickbooks Online and develop reports for the team leadership. Manage Search Party administrative documentation. Be willing to learn the local language to an intermediate level. This is a support based position that involves raising financial support through ministry partners for salary and other expenses.
Web Reference:   https://onemissionsociety.org/opportunities/detail/finance-and-operations-manager
Listing Expiration:   2026-07-19
Logistics
Paid & Volunteer Positions: 
Position requires raising your support
Travel Support: 
No travel funding provided
Relocation Question: 
I am willing to relocate outside the US and Canada
Contact Details
Contact Name:   Olivia Bishop
Contact Email:   go@onemissionsociety.org
 
Copyright ©2002-2026 MissionNext – All rights reserved | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Legal | Site Map | Contact | Suggested Browsers | Logout

Facebook-f
 X-twitter Instagram
 Linkedin


